dança like you what changed for me in
the year on YouTube well there's a lot
to be said about this I actually a lot
has changed me guys on gaming wise first
of all and that's going to be the topic
of course um you know 60 frames per
second that was a big topic that came up
on xbox and playstation and playstation
actually boasted that it was a the era
of 1080p 60 frames per second we all
know that a lot of the games are not his
in 1080p and 60 frames and his consoles
but it really made me wonder how come
1080 was supposed to be what xbox and
playstation was but then I found out
from doing my research and paying close
attention that it was always upscaled we
never really was getting 1080 we was
getting negative 7 20 upscale to today
and then I said okay now i see so these
consoles bumped up to 1080 full 1080
native 1080 and now we have the issue
between xbox and playstation where xbox
is not even hitting 1080 then neither
one of these are hitting 60 frames and
if anyone knows my background y'all know
I do music videos and I always had a
gaming PC ever since ever since i broke
my first pc it was the top of the line
able to play games now I'm not saying
out the biggest baddest pc of course but
I'm saying that I can play my games at
max settings and now should be fine and
I never really gave pc a shot because i
felt it to be inconvenient but honestly
you know after playing smite on xbox one
also getting me on key to play the beta
and seeing how it looked versus my pc i
couldn't believe my eyes I couldn't
believe what I was seeing it made me go
man you know what I felt kind of
hopeless for my xbox I just looked at it
like man you know this thing it's it's
looks so bad compared to my pc now don't
get me wrong I rim still rooting for
Xbox but what has changed for me is yeah
man I got spoiled by PC guys I'm sorry
I'm making a confession you guys to tell
you I have gone
and I've switched over to the dark side
I am now pc elitist to the court now I'm
just playing um but I yeah my console of
choice my platform of choice is now pc
um as far as I'm concerned Microsoft is
pc and xbox one so I don't really feel
like it's a switch but it's more of a
graduation but this video is not to say
oh you know xbox sux PlayStation is
better but technically yeah Xbox up in
PlayStation is better gods now why do I
say that as a content creator you got to
understand something there's no 900p
button on YouTube so when I'm capturing
footage and I try to give it to you
insanity I'm upscaling and anybody in
the video field will tell you garbage in
garbage out that's a saying in the
editing room that means that if you have
an on GP native footage you never
upscale you always shoot up and then you
scale down you never scale up that's a
no-no but it's a dirty thing that goes
on in gaming and it actually is going on
with 4k right now in my belief there's a
lot of people upscaling things the 4k
and tell me that is 4k and it's really
not but anyway that's a whole nother
subject but for now let's just keep it
about this I actually do have the option
of playing 4k I never have to worry
about 60 frames per second on pc is very
rare that I get 30 frames and in most
cases when you get 30 frames get some
kind of work around to get it to unlock
and give you 60 frames or better so i
couldn't i got spoiled by this I can't
go back to wishing that you know I'm
gonna get 60 frames or even 1080 and
that's really sad after two years
practically of xbox one and playstation
i have realized that xbox one was never
designed to come out at the time that it
did it's an unfinished console they need
to get the DX 12 before it should have
came out and he came out to compete and
I get that but in the process you
screwed a lot of people multiplex
and now in a terraced on my pc 4k
capability playstation 1080p capability
at xbox one maybe two Navy but
definitely somewhere between 720 and 900
and I honestly feel like that's a slap
in the face now the footage you're
looking at is of course various
different interfaces you need showing
you the difference steam has the steam
box which is the pc version of the
gaming console and this is what it looks
like and that's what you're seeing in
the background I wanted you guys to see
the differences and see that it's
actually not that bad if you decided to
switch the pc the gaming crowd on pc was
what always kind of turned me off but
you know as I matured and got older its
kind of I they don't worry about I'm
console wars there's nothing to compete
with so um you know all that I petty
stuff that goes on and you know me
actually just hoping and praying that
when I buy a game I don't want to be
worried and imma make a confession when
I broke Mortal Kombat 4 xbox I did it
because I wanted to have something to
play on it but I was so worried about
the way it looks I was scared when I got
home I was gonna see a huge difference
in how this thing look versus my pc and
vs ps4 and i did see it and I was like
man you know what this is crazy so what
has changed from ear to ear Dashwood
change and I know this video is kind of
long and I'll you know talk about
everything under the Sun but I just
wanted to make a video let you guys know
that now I'm not gonna be going indie
nuts i'm still not a huge indie fan
don't get me wrong i'm gonna be trying a
few what I man there's a few that I do
like but um for the most part yeah I
JumpShip guys I made the switch to pc is
my main platform and hopefully you guys
joining me if you have any questions I
want to know anything let me know man I
will gladly help you guys out I'm still
got my xbox there I'm still willing to
play with some of my friends and stuff
but not even changed the games that we
play change you know I'm playing
different things I'm trying new things
trying different things and I'm yeah so
it's your boy Jimmy be gaming man and
yeah you know hopefully you guys you
know make the change with me you know if
you're tired of worrying about 1080p and
60 frames coming to pc you want to see
what that 4k look like coming to pc i'm
here you know I still root for xbox one
I'm not going to turn my back on it but
right now
that Nnanji p 30 frames worrying about
that every time I bar game I can't do
that especially when i have a gaming pc
capable of running everything at max
sentence I can't batman arkham knight
i'm probably gonna get that for ps4 but
already brought it for pc because i know
i want that uh special you know I want
those bells and whistles I want those
options the options you give a pc is so
amazing you know i remember when i used
to play on console and i had game genie
I don't have to worry about that with pc
you have game genie game genie you have
trainers you have everything so many
different things you could do so would
that be inside man is your boy let me
know what you think in the comment
section are you mad are you happy are
you understanding do you not hear you
know let me know what you think you know
at the end of the day this is what's
happening and i'll be ready for the
witcher 3 review comment i have been
working on that for the past two weeks
let's get into this I'm out of here
peace